why are you donig this?
Made in Britain!
The NHS
20 thousand more police officers included!
suberashii
KrazeeTobi is a cunt!
Michael Jordan approved!
Prongles
Now with Golden Nucleus!
NOOT NOOT
HAHAHAHA... RONALDINHO SOCCER!
I was gonna consume this delicious banana!
wishes you Have A Nice
Now with more BAD DEMO!!
It's all just air. A I R.
Fuck off you little twat! I'm on live telly!
No, no no no, here is THE FUCKING NEWS.
Have you been mis-sold PPI? You might be entitled to free conpensation.
WEENDOEHS is in DEINJER!
Chie-chan is in danger, someone help her sorry ass (and mine).
This world exists between dream and reality, mind and matter, as well as pop culture references.
Sponsored by the spiicy læmons.
Did I mention pie, young Chan?
Tonight on Bottom Gear, find out what happens when I inhale exaust fumes. Ery nice.
What would you say under the circumstances- Oh, I think you've got a...
Occasional Pig-Fucker David Cameron™
They don't call me Dögg for nothing!
Bullshit, Katry! That case wasn't even half unbelievable!
Please do not.
Every puzzle has an arse!
Tailses
Gamer Time Deluxe!
And who are the real losers? Not only the public, but the environment.
Congration! You done it!
Monkey! MONKEY! AHAHAHAHAHA!
I;m thinking about thos beans
Where do y'all keep the beeeeeeeeeeeens?
LOBER
Supporting the Church of Jerry!
Unless, of course, you are watching this on -log TV!
Heading to Moscow, the 23 billion Facebook diplomats expelled from the UK, following the chemical attack in Salisbury.
The world's most powerful rocket has been launched tonight from Liverpool, experts say it will change schools, hospitals and prisons.
And it's a crisis at KFC, the fried chicken chain, that's run out of newborn babies.
BBC One HD cannot yet show splash text from your area.
HAMMOND
This is an unnecessary long ass line of text, but oh well, I'll put it here so Shulk can't read this massive ass line of text that's too big for his monitor to properly parse! He'll have to read the entire thing! Ahahahahahahahaha!
HD Super Turbo Epic Mega Giga Ultimate DX 128x Edition
thefuckingfunny
T o b i n n s o n
Professional Læmon and the Splash Text
When it's done
Jæms Mælon
Sponored by SexpressVPN!
How does a hedgehog lose his rings so damn easily? Fucking hell!
McDondals
Controlled by greedy arse Conservatives!
now comfortable with your right hand!
This game has no problems on a laptop!... Somehow.
AMD SUPERIOR
Mega Blocks Archipelago
Are you ready to le?
fucking splasher
6. the dollar